Hello.
My name is Sam.
I am the Saba virtual assistant,
and I will be your guide throughout this course.
I have been designed to swiftly provide answers
to your most common questions.
This includes information about your Saba account
and learning progress,
as well as ESDC’s Essential Training Curriculum!
As I am constantly evolving,
more answers will be added to my repertory
to ensure I offer you an agile and inclusive support.
You will be able to find me directly through Saba,
on your login page
of your Saba learning management system and on iService.
Now that we have met,
let’s learn a little more about your role and responsibilities as a Saba Administrator and who can support you.